README.md, before:

# FA2019-PHYS051
HMC Fall 2019 PHYS051 HW Sets

# Usage
These problem sets are from the Fall 2019 semester. Use them at your own risk, since the profs may have updated the problem list. Because of this possibility, I have not provided the  PDFs. You can compile it yourself using Overleaf or a local TeX distribution. I recommend TeXLive for Windows and MacTeX for Mac OS. Linux users can figure something out, or you wouldn't be using Linux. Note that these files will not compile without the pset.cls file (and the image folder, if applicable) in the same directory.

# Honor Code
This is a public repository for the bare problem sets from Fall 2019. You will not find the answers here. Additionally, do not circulate this repository outside of the College. As a member of the Harvey Mudd College community, I adhere to the Honor Code. I will take this repository down if so requested. You can contact me through email at klim@hmc.edu, FB Messenger, or whatever other means that you can find me through.

Commit message:

Update with new problems section

README.md, after:

# FA2019-PHYS051
HMC Fall 2019 PHYS051 HW Sets

# Usage
These problem sets are from the Fall 2019 semester. Use them at your own risk, since the profs may have updated the problem list. Because of this possibility, I have not provided the  PDFs. You can compile it yourself using Overleaf or a local TeX distribution. I recommend TeXLive for Windows and MacTeX for Mac OS. Linux users can figure something out, or you wouldn't be using Linux. Note that these files will not compile without the pset.cls file (and the image folder, if applicable) in the same directory.

# Missing Problems
If you are looking for a particular problem that is not included in this old version of the psets, please contact me. I have a copy of the textbook (bought through the Bookstore and locked behind an account, sorry) and will try to get you the correct text.

# Honor Code
This is a public repository for the bare problem sets from Fall 2019. You will not find the answers here. Additionally, do not circulate this repository outside of the College. As a member of the Harvey Mudd College community, I adhere to the Honor Code. I will take this repository down if so requested. 

# Contact
You can contact me through email at klim@hmc.edu, FB Messenger, Discord (qeb#8888) or whatever other means that you can find me through. Discord is probably fastest.
